This is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.
The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products, bands, and/or restaurants referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission
The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Acknowledgements
I want to say a huge thank you to three amazing people that have made this book beautiful.
Mollie Wilson from MJ Wilson Design created a cover that is perfect for Oakley and this story.
Emma Mack, my fabulous editor from Tink's Typos, thank you so much for taking my book baby and making it shine!
And Cassy Roop from Pink Ink Designs.
Cassy, from my messages I think you know how much I love what you've done with the interior!
Thank you so much, ladies.
Dedication
For my mum, Sharon.
SILENCE deals with a subject of sensitive nature.
Reader discretion is advised.
1
Oakley
Most people have heard the phrase 'Silence is golden' and many would agree with it.
People with screaming children running wild around the house or working in a noisy office.
For me, however, it meant something entirely different.
Silence consumed my whole life.
It suppressed things I could never express.
My silence was responsible for my family's happiness.
Silence was my prison.
***
“Are you ready to leave, Oakley?
Cole’s waiting outside,” Mum said in the soft tone she used for me.
She leant against my doorframe and smiled.
Through her smile I could see how tired she looked.
Dark shadows were now a permanent feature under her eyes dulling blue eyes.
Her smile used to be my favourite part of her.
Now it was as false as my own.
And it was all my fault.
Every single day I woke up wanting to tell her what happened.
To have her hold me in her arms and promise me that everything would be fine, but reality stopped me every time.
The fantasy I had in my head of how things would turn out was just that; a fantasy.
I’d lose everything.
I knew that.
He’d told me enough times.
It wasn’t something I could risk.
Not ever.
Placing my hairbrush on the dresser, I turned to Mum and nodded my head once.
With a deep breath, I followed her downstairs.
It wasn’t until we reached the front door that she looked at me again.
“Have a good day, okay?”
Almost everything she said to me was turned into a question.
As the words left her mouth, her eyes widened in the desperate hope that I would reply, and every time I responded with a brief nod, her shoulders would sag.
She still tried all the time.
I grabbed my school bag by the door and swung it over my shoulder as I walked outside.
The morning sun beamed down on me as I turned into the street, making me squint at the brightness.